Intro page overview (#2160)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/overview/architecture.md

> ---

Reviewer: Don't we already have this in https://github.com/giantswarm/docs/pull/2139/files? I assume this is a stub and I should only review the `introduction.md` file 😉.

Author: yes exactly (avoid failing the linting)

title: Architecture of a Cloud Native Developer Platform
description: TBD.
weight: 20
menu:
  main:
    parent: overview
user_questions:

>   - ?

Author: ```suggestion
  - TBD?
```

---

> title: Architecture of a cloud-native developer platform
> linkTitle: Architecture of the platform
> description: An overview of the architecture of our cloud-native developer platform.

Reviewer: These don't fit together. Do we show our platform? Then replace "our" – the docs should focus on "you"/"customer" and otherwise substitute "our" with "Giant Swarm". Or do we show how "a" platform looks like? I guess no

Also, the description is just a repetition of the title. That's a no-go.

```suggestion
title: Architecture of the Giant Swarm cloud-native developer platform
linkTitle: Architecture of the platform
description: Components, capabilities, supported cloud providers, and the Management API of the Giant Swarm platform.
```

weight: 20
menu:
  main:
    parent: overview
user_questions:

>   - What is the architecture of a cloud-native developer platform?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - What is the architecture of the Giant Swarm cloud-native developer platform?
```
